{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green9\blue6;\red0\green0\blue0;\red28\green0\blue207;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12560\viewh10400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Slice
\f1\b0 \
\
The Clover EFI boot project is just Duet but with follow corrections:\
Note! Efildr20 is restricted in size to 483kb (or 452kb?) so I have to erase unnecessary codes from the project to be able to add new features, new drivers and just update existing drivers.\
I am not a member of EDK2 team and can't influence on the sources so I copy some sources into my project and correct them. Hope some day Tiano will look into my corrections and apply them.\
\
1. My computer has no Serial Port so I need no DEBUG to Serial. To reduce a space I delete all DEBUG codes from BdsDxe, BdsLib, BdsPlatform, DxeIpl, DxeCore, EfiLdr.\
2. To start from ReadOnly volume I have to exclude any FS writing operations, mostly related to Efivar.bin.\
3. Some quirky BIOSes needs to be patched in Smbios and Acpi tables that performed by SmbiosGenDxe and AcpiPlatformDxe. But also I need to correct SmbiosProtocol and AcpiProtocol because EDK2 prevented these tables to be patched.\
4. Modules PciBusNoEnumerationDxe, RuntimeDxe, SataControllerDxe, VideoBios, VgaClass are corrected because of non-compilability of originals.\
5. Oracle's project VirtualBox contains some necessary patches to IdeController, IdeBus, PeCoffLib, ConsoleControlProtocol, UefiCpuDxe and PartitionDxe. It also contains more FileSystem's drivers, not only FAT32. It's a pity VBoxHFS is not perfect and NTFS driver is absent.\
\
Second step I can launch rEFIt.efi and boot into real OS that impossible with original Duet. But I still have problems:\
1. Notebook Dell Inspiron 1525. Intel Core2Duo T8300 2400MHz, Intel X3100 video.\

\f0\b \cf2 ANY Efildr20 just reboot immediately
\f1\b0 \cf0 . \cf3 I can't debug why because Serial Port is absent. Any attempt to write something on the screen failed.\
This procedure\
-------------\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 VOID\
PrintHeader (\
  CHAR8 Char\
  )\
\{\
  *(UINT8 *)(UINTN)(\cf4 0x000b8000\cf0  + mHeaderIndex) = Char;\
  mHeaderIndex += \cf4 2\cf0 ;\
\}\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\fs24 \cf3 \CocoaLigature1 \
------------\
\cf0 leads to immediate reboot. It seems the BIOS (Phoenix based Dell manufactured) has other settings for Video.\
\
2. I can boot into OS but with 1024Mb RAM installed the OS crashes with DMA operations. \
Looks like the EFI EDK2 has wrong MemoryMap.\
\
3. I can go to S3 state (sleep) but never return back to system. The module S3Resume supposes to return to Pei. NO, NO, NO!!! I want to return to system!\
}